#Choosing 

Many developers have created or plan to create their own personal website. After all, when you have the knowledge to build software, it's a good way to put it to good use. It allows you not only to display publicly your skills, but also to manage your entire online presence which not everybody can achieve.

Before even starting, there is usually some reflexion on the tools to pick in order to build it. And there are a lot. One-click solutions, CMS, frameworks, all those giving you different degrees of customizability and friendlyness to use. 

I've gone through this process many times since my first website. I usually have specific criterias that need to be fullfilled, at least partially :
- Light, no need for the 1000+ functionalities of a Wordpress when I'll be using only 2 or 3. 
- Flexible, I want to be able to break and rebuild things quickly and easily
- Reliable, meaning a good uptime and capacity to handle a maximum requests
- Cheap, or at least cost-efficient

As I started using more and more Github this year, I decided to take advantage of their great Pages system. In short this allow you to use Github as a PAAS like Heroku, or CloudForge, as long as you don't need any server work. 
Combine it with a static App (like AngularJS or Jekyll) and you're good to go. One git repo to manage your website.

No more drag and drops into your FTP client and long waits for the upload to finish. No more server configuration. You broke everything? Go back to any version in a blink of an eye (Git really is your friend). 

This is the best solution I found so far to create a small website. Almost no configuration, very few lines of code, and all this code available in one place.
